Customizing whether passengers are kicked out when an aircraft fires (#1151)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

## Weapons

### Customizing whether passengers are kicked out when an aircraft fires

> - In yuri's revenge, if aircraft has passengers, aircraft force kick out it's passengers when firing but not fire weapons.
> - Now you can decide aircraft kick out it's passengers or not when firing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now customize whether aircraft will forcefully eject passengers (vanilla behavior) or fire its weapon when attempting to fire.
```

In `rulesmd.ini`
```ini
[SOMEWEAPON]

> KickOutPassenger=true  ; boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KickOutPassengers=true  ; boolean
```
